This is not
But this Tang Zhijing said
Above inspection team
I am very dissatisfied with his labor reform
We just came down to double check
To avoid unnecessary trouble
That's right, I'm just out of concern for the collective
Kindly informed the officers of the commune
But I remember.
In the village, Deputy Secretary Li is responsible for inspection and assistance
Even if an investigation team comes over today
He is also with you
Yeah how
I suggest you ask Li Yanchang.
What did the inspection team say?
You rashly disrupt Comrade Li Yan's arrangement like this
No good, this
If you dare to do this again
I'm going to the city to call the police now
It's not what it used to be.
Try it.
Oh, come on.
That's it for now.
I'll go back to the commune to discuss with Deputy Secretary Li.
Hey wait a minute
Ningyuan, we all know
We are for your own good.
To check the thinking of this backward element
Hey, you don't appreciate it yet.
You don't need to maintain it.
I know who Long Zhaonan is, I know him in my heart
I fixed you
somehow
Come and hold Ming Zhiqing first
Are you moving?
Are you a hole?
It's not worth talking nonsense for me
Who says you're not worth it?
I think you deserve it.
Not to mention not worth it
I was worth it in my previous life
Would you give me an eye?
Don't worry, I will protect the world.
What do you have against me?
I'll tell you what.
If this hadn't happened in today's investigation
I'm not done with you
This thief is so protective
If he is acting
That looks too real
Mingyue, you used to wash my feet
It's not like this when it's water
Now the mouth is really powerful
That's right, I'm just with the bad guys
chopped
How about you want to feel it deeply?
Ah, what are you doing?